<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>Very Large CSS Tests – Chapter 1</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles.css"/>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="OPS/styles/very-large.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h1>VERY-LARGE.CSS TESTS</h1>
<p class="iiocdmnkhnkklgcljnokmnejljmfli">Test 1: paragraph using class iiocdmnkhnkklgcljnokmnejljmfli from very-large.css.</p>
<p>Test 2: inline <span class="klmfjabcehdiifhpldjllheehgkjikca">span class klmfjabcehdiifhpldjllheehgkjikca</span> from very-large.css.</p>
<h3 class="nbagljikcgnenobgkeffncclmmdmajkg">Test 3: heading with class nbagljikcgnenobgkeffncclmmdmajkg from very-large.css.</h3>
<p class="nglhpcfhlijgmcceclbjjcgc">Test 4: paragraph with class nglhpcfhlijgmcceclbjjcgc from very-large.css.</p>
<p class="iljkcpodhipmkcnndckjcfobkpekg">Test 5: paragraph using class iljkcpodhipmkcnndckjcfobkpekg from very-large.css.</p>
<p>Test 6: inline <span class="jccncahjnfcdcldecmbbooohaeoakccpgo">span class jccncahjnfcdcldecmbbooohaeoakccpgo</span> from very-large.css.</p>
<h3 class="kbjekgdigbdloocbldihikfpiacbn">Test 7: heading with class kbjekgdigbdloocbldihikfpiacbn from very-large.css.</h3>
<p class="nnkdolbfcplfmndkhkok">Test 8: paragraph with class nnkdolbfcplfmndkhkok from very-large.css.</p>
<p class="cmkbgbeapedilglifbfi">Test 9: paragraph using class cmkbgbeapedilglifbfi from very-large.css.</p>
<p>Test 10: inline <span class="bjoa">span class bjoa</span> from very-large.css.</p>
<h3 class="fbdghpjkhjfaggcmcpnpcgljgmohjnjcmkjp">Test 11: heading with class fbdghpjkhjfaggcmcpnpcgljgmohjnjcmkjp from very-large.css.</h3>
<p class="fkakmhhfejdfldndclbflhgipahfolamo">Test 12: paragraph with class fkakmhhfejdfldndclbflhgipahfolamo from very-large.css.</p>
<p class="dijffnlccmnjmcef">Test 13: paragraph using class dijffnlccmnjmcef from very-large.css.</p>
<p>Test 14: inline <span class="pidpdeehcigka">span class pidpdeehcigka</span> from very-large.css.</p>
<h3 class="mkdbdhpaokbclkikcokce">Test 15: heading with class mkdbdhpaokbclkikcokce from very-large.css.</h3>
<p class="badhpehaipendmcmjemdoioc">Test 16: paragraph with class badhpehaipendmcmjemdoioc from very-large.css.</p>
<p class="jbciahmilebacjddgipdphecfhgbfbj">Test 17: paragraph using class jbciahmilebacjddgipdphecfhgbfbj from very-large.css.</p>
<p>Test 18: inline <span class="gggjkiolmgjfgbobnifdoknllajhpiipc">span class gggjkiolmgjfgbobnifdoknllajhpiipc</span> from very-large.css.</p>
<h3 class="asdasdasdf">Test 19: heading with class asdasdasdf from very-large.css.</h3>
<p class="kafmkeklcbgjkdjefeafmnodbkpoccl">Test 20: paragraph with class kafmkeklcbgjkdjefeafmnodbkpoccl from very-large.css.</p>

<h1>Additional Very-Large CSS Tests</h1>
<p>These uses a different set of classes from very-large.css.</p>
<p class="igabphmaheolchmackpgmjmi">Test 2.1: paragraph using class igabphmaheolchmackpgmjmi.</p>
<p>Test 2.2: inline <span class="cjndfhcmpkkmfpiheeafjlndclpc">span class cjndfhcmpkkmfpiheeafjlndclpc</span> sample.</p>
<h2 class="dklbmbmijhacajklkgcifgmjemjkgfaghk">Test 2.3: heading with class dklbmbmijhacajklkgcifgmjemjkgfaghk.</h2>
<p class="akohoblkbkbhg">Test 2.4: paragraph using class akohoblkbkbhg.</p>
<p class="jngdjakgpkdccjmkb">Test 2.5: paragraph using class jngdjakgpkdccjmkb.</p>
<p class="hbfpgpeomileheklmonegan">Test 2.6: paragraph using class hbfpgpeomileheklmonegan.</p>
<p>Test 2.7: inline <span class="fpdfnfoafbbkdllfobnfldighjjmh">span class fpdfnfoafbbkdllfobnfldighjjmh</span> sample.</p>
<h2 class="chohakddgglfdjbhi">Test 2.8: heading with class chohakddgglfdjbhi.</h2>
<p class="aakpbchlkpeialcidgine">Test 2.9: paragraph using class aakpbchlkpeialcidgine.</p>
<p class="afaniooghhjhokcdogihmeph">Test 2.10: paragraph using class afaniooghhjhokcdogihmeph.</p>
<p class="ggaflkidffdlhngaddfmbmmmmiflglii">Test 2.11: paragraph using class ggaflkidffdlhngaddfmbmmmmiflglii.</p>
<p>Test 2.12: inline <span class="bdkdcockhgkeibdcpedhkkhjnekj">span class bdkdcockhgkeibdcpedhkkhjnekj</span> sample.</p>
<h2 class="ippgcdpklpjbf">Test 2.13: heading with class ippgcdpklpjbf.</h2>
<p class="jllgdoepmkpkchgolmppigcoohhhbkgicob">Test 2.14: paragraph using class jllgdoepmkpkchgolmppigcoohhhbkgicob.</p>
<p class="fbgppkbjlhafnnmhogfndip">Test 2.15: paragraph using class fbgppkbjlhafnnmhogfndip.</p>
<p class="dinonjilhmfglafngfegjeplmnliheehbg">Test 2.16: paragraph using class dinonjilhmfglafngfegjeplmnliheehbg.</p>
<p>Test 2.17: inline <span class="jfckdilnmdnkapifaljkopffmgpijdmh">span class jfckdilnmdnkapifaljkopffmgpijdmh</span> sample.</p>
<h2 class="mcoldddbcgiaaliekmojniejnkkbego">Test 2.18: heading with class mcoldddbcgiaaliekmojniejnkkbego.</h2>
<p class="hgniiepnokeecfmmffhmakc">Test 2.19: paragraph using class hgniiepnokeecfmmffhmakc.</p>
<p class="fjoaaaebcipadiheclnjhhpmkjknelbh">Test 2.20: paragraph using class fjoaaaebcipadiheclnjhhpmkjknelbh.</p>
<p class="mklgjcobegeaadndp">Test 2.21: paragraph using class mklgjcobegeaadndp.</p>
<p>Test 2.22: inline <span class="pkioomknpkgfbgm">span class pkioomknpkgfbgm</span> sample.</p>
<h2 class="djhhdkkdo">Test 2.23: heading with class djhhdkkdo.</h2>
<p class="pfokpikdebikiedeehck">Test 2.24: paragraph using class pfokpikdebikiedeehck.</p>
<p class="ddpipbpjdlcaeh">Test 2.25: paragraph using class ddpipbpjdlcaeh.</p>
<p class="pjhodomdggmhelcjocaecc">Test 2.26: paragraph using class pjhodomdggmhelcjocaecc.</p>
<p>Test 2.27: inline <span class="nleolfimkdfcbjaaana">span class nleolfimkdfcbjaaana</span> sample.</p>
<h2 class="ofllmgp">Test 2.28: heading with class ofllmgp.</h2>
<p class="lkiojgjfmlaiainhhaickffj">Test 2.29: paragraph using class lkiojgjfmlaiainhhaickffj.</p>
<p class="kfmhi">Test 2.30: paragraph using class kfmhi.</p>
<p class="fjbfpaeilmcmdbelbpfepbncgicae">Test 2.31: paragraph using class fjbfpaeilmcmdbelbpfepbncgicae.</p>
<p>Test 2.32: inline <span class="cefcjbcomikckjpjihiimnfoghfa">span class cefcjbcomikckjpjihiimnfoghfa</span> sample.</p>
<h2 class="idgemhachbkiejbhfdfjafoihbmgj">Test 2.33: heading with class idgemhachbkiejbhfdfjafoihbmgj.</h2>
<p class="eijofpajfabaonaacnf">Test 2.34: paragraph using class eijofpajfabaonaacnf.</p>
<p class="gmddinecfmdknbfobieefgkgmnnkilphe">Test 2.35: paragraph using class gmddinecfmdknbfobieefgkgmnnkilphe.</p>
<p class="miinogdkphgfkocnk">Test 2.36: paragraph using class miinogdkphgfkocnk.</p>
<p>Test 2.37: inline <span class="hagkgmbgdokgjobdemlfmffpnk">span class hagkgmbgdokgjobdemlfmffpnk</span> sample.</p>
<h2 class="mpakajffhkfjaokjb">Test 2.38: heading with class mpakajffhkfjaokjb.</h2>
<p class="inlmpbbdaeahodglmo">Test 2.39: paragraph using class inlmpbbdaeahodglmo.</p>
<p class="eadhnchlfjccmjgppbgllnihckf">Test 2.40: paragraph using class eadhnchlfjccmjgppbgllnihckf.</p>
</body>
</html>
