<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" standalone="no" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops">
<head>
  <title>HTML Entities Tests – Chapter 2</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet" type="text/css" href="styles.css"/>
</head>
<body>
<h2>HTML ENTITIES TESTS</h2>

<h3>1 Basic Entities</h3>
<p>Test 1.1: Quotes &quot;quoted text&quot; should appear with proper quotes.</p>
<p>Test 1.2: Ampersand AT&amp;T should show the &amp; symbol.</p>
<p>Test 1.3: Less than 5&lt;10 and greater than 10&gt;5 should display correctly.</p>
<p>Test 1.4: Apostrophe it&apos;s should work (though ' works natively).</p>

<h3>2 Non-Breaking Space</h3>
<p>Test 2.1: Words with&nbsp;nbsp should not break across lines.</p>
<p>Test 2.2: Multiple&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;non-breaking&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;spaces should render.</p>
<p>Test 2.3: Polish example: jak&nbsp;stoję i&nbsp;patrzę na&nbsp;obraz should not break at nbsp.</p>

<h3>3 Latin Accented Characters (Uppercase)</h3>
<p>Test 3.1: &Agrave; &Aacute; &Acirc; &Atilde; &Auml; &Aring; &AElig;</p>
<p>Test 3.2: &Ccedil; &Egrave; &Eacute; &Ecirc; &Euml;</p>
<p>Test 3.3: &Igrave; &Iacute; &Icirc; &Iuml;</p>
<p>Test 3.4: &Ntilde; &Ograve; &Oacute; &Ocirc; &Otilde; &Ouml; &Oslash;</p>
<p>Test 3.5: &Ugrave; &Uacute; &Ucirc; &Uuml; &Yacute;</p>
<p>Test 3.6: &THORN; &ETH;</p>

<h3>4 Latin Accented Characters (Lowercase)</h3>
<p>Test 4.1: &agrave; &aacute; &acirc; &atilde; &auml; &aring; &aelig;</p>
<p>Test 4.2: &ccedil; &egrave; &eacute; &ecirc; &euml;</p>
<p>Test 4.3: &igrave; &iacute; &icirc; &iuml;</p>
<p>Test 4.4: &ntilde; &ograve; &oacute; &ocirc; &otilde; &ouml; &oslash;</p>
<p>Test 4.5: &ugrave; &uacute; &ucirc; &uuml; &yacute;</p>
<p>Test 4.6: &thorn; &eth; &szlig; &yuml;</p>

<h3>5 Currency and Common Symbols</h3>
<p>Test 5.1: Currency: &cent; &pound; &yen; &curren; &euro;</p>
<p>Test 5.2: Copyright &copy; Registered &reg; Trademark &trade;</p>
<p>Test 5.3: Section &sect; Paragraph &para; Degree 90&deg;</p>
<p>Test 5.4: Plus-minus &plusmn; Multiplication &times; Division &divide;</p>

<h3>6 Fractions and Special Characters</h3>
<p>Test 6.1: Fractions: &frac14; &frac12; &frac34;</p>
<p>Test 6.2: Superscripts: &sup1; &sup2; &sup3;</p>
<p>Test 6.3: Punctuation: &iexcl; &iquest; &laquo; &raquo;</p>
<p>Test 6.4: Special: &not; &shy; &macr; &uml; &acute; &cedil; &ordm; &ordf;</p>

<h3>7 Greek Letters (Uppercase)</h3>
<p>Test 7.1: &Alpha; &Beta; &Gamma; &Delta; &Epsilon; &Zeta; &Eta; &Theta;</p>
<p>Test 7.2: &Iota; &Kappa; &Lambda; &Mu; &Nu; &Xi; &Omicron; &Pi;</p>
<p>Test 7.3: &Rho; &Sigma; &Tau; &Upsilon; &Phi; &Chi; &Psi; &Omega;</p>

<h3>8 Greek Letters (Lowercase)</h3>
<p>Test 8.1: &alpha; &beta; &gamma; &delta; &epsilon; &zeta; &eta; &theta;</p>
<p>Test 8.2: &iota; &kappa; &lambda; &mu; &nu; &xi; &omicron; &pi;</p>
<p>Test 8.3: &rho; &sigmaf; &sigma; &tau; &upsilon; &phi; &chi; &psi; &omega;</p>

<h3>9 Mathematical Operators</h3>
<p>Test 9.1: Set theory: &forall; &part; &exist; &empty; &nabla;</p>
<p>Test 9.2: Membership: &isin; &notin; &ni; &sub; &sup; &nsub; &sube; &supe;</p>
<p>Test 9.3: Operations: &prod; &sum; &minus; &lowast; &radic; &int;</p>
<p>Test 9.4: Relations: &prop; &infin; &ang; &and; &or; &cap; &cup;</p>
<p>Test 9.5: Comparison: &there4; &sim; &cong; &asymp; &ne; &equiv; &le; &ge;</p>
<p>Test 9.6: Special ops: &oplus; &otimes; &perp; &sdot;</p>

<h3>10 Mixed Entity Context</h3>
<p>Test 10.1: Math expression: &forall;x&isin;&real;, x&sup2;&ge;0</p>
<p>Test 10.2: French text: &Ccedil;a co&ucirc;te 5&euro; aujourd&apos;hui.</p>
<p>Test 10.3: Spanish text: &iexcl;Ma&ntilde;ana ser&aacute; diferente&iquest;</p>
<p>Test 10.4: German text: Stra&szlig;e f&uuml;r Fu&szlig;g&auml;nger.</p>
<p>Test 10.5: Quote with nbsp: &quot;This&nbsp;is&nbsp;important&quot; &mdash; said&nbsp;John.</p>
</body>
</html>
